---
layout: post
title: XM4
image: /uploads/screen-shot-2018-02-03-at-17-40-07.png
category: Drink
address: '143, Chapel Street, St Kilda'
website: 'https://www.xm4.com.au/'
stars:
  - star
  - star
  - star
  - star
  - star
breakfast: true
dinner: true
wifi: false
disability: false
date: 2018-02-03 18:00:00
---


Prior to moving out West, we lived just off Carlisle Street for 3 years. It's a great area, with lots of cafes, restaurants and bars, and we loved living there. Though we had loads of favourite places for breakfast and dinner, we didn't have what us Brits would call a local - a place you can pop in for a quick drink, where the bar staff know what you like and you can have a good chat.

That all changed when XM4 opened its doors. It was always going to attract our attention - a wine and cheese bar round the corner from our flat! They started off as a breakfast place, serving great coffee. Once they were open in the evening, we were there to give it a go. And that was it.

We definitely started going there because of my obsession with cheese and they didn't disappoint on that front. Claire who runs front-of-house is an alumna of [Milk the Cow](https://milkthecow.com.au/) and really knows her cheese-stuff. Many were the nerdy conversations about the contents of the cheese cabinet! The charcuterie selection is equally worth a mention. There is a great wine list - predominantly Australian, mostly small wineries making interesting wines. Young Henry's is on draft and the fabulous Colonial beers are sold in cans.

We love our new place in Seddon, but we do wish we could have picked up XM4 and brought it over this side of town with us.