---
layout: post
title: Lola
image: /uploads/lola-seddon.jpeg
category: Eat
address: '77 Charles Street, Seddon'
website: 'https://www.xm4.com.au/'
stars:
  - star
  - star
  - star
  - star
  - star
breakfast: true
dinner: true
wifi: false
disability: true
date: 2018-03-26 21:30:00
---

We started looking for a new rental in October 2017, and decided to look in the Inner West. After our first viewing, we stopped in at Seddon village for a bite of breakfast. We stopped in at Lola for tea and toast and liked the look of it enough to have a proper breakfast there during our next trip for viewings. It was and is the kind of place that made me want to live in that part of town.&nbsp;

A few months on and we are now living in Seddon and Lola is one of our regular haunts. I love their proper Spanish take on things. I love that they serve morcilla, a Spanish black pudding that is one of my favourite things. The choices at breakfast range from eggs with salmon (Huevos con Salmon) to ham, bread and cheese via the most heavenly potato/morcilla/bacon/egg fry up.

This weekend for the first time we went along for dinner (Friday and Saturday only) and it was just as delicious as the breakfasts are. We had a wonderful mix of tapas and a steak, plus a bottle of Ribiero del Duero red wine. The steak was simply done - basically it had kissed the grill - but was such good quality that it tasted heavenly.&nbsp;

The staff are friendly, the food is good, the wine is tasty, don't get me started on how good their coffee is…this place is definitely a firm favourite.

Photo from the [Lola Seddon Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/Lolacafeseddon/)